Add missing transfer status SENT_TO_CLEARING (#97)
alpacahq/bkdocs: content/api-references/funding/transfers.md

### ENUM.TransferStatus

> | Attribute           | Description                                       |
> | ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------     |
> | `QUEUED`            | Transfer is in queue to be processed              |
> | `PENDING`           | Transfer is pending processing                    |
> | `SENT_TO_CLEARING`  | Transfer is being processed by the clearing firm. |
> | `REJECTED`          | Transfer is rejected                              |
> | `APPROVED`          | Transfer is approved                              |
> | `COMPLETE`          | Transfer is completed. This is a final state.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attribute                           | Description                                                              |
| ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `QUEUED`                       | Transfer is in queue to be processed                    |
| `APPROVAL_PENDING` | Transfer is pending approval                                 |
| `PENDING`                      | Transfer is pending processing                             |
| `SENT_TO_CLEARING`  | Transfer is being processed by the clearing firm |
| `REJECTED`                    | Transfer is rejected                                                 |
| `CANCELED`                   | Client initiated transfer cancellation                     |
| `APPROVED`                   | Transfer is approved                                              |
| `COMPLETE`                   | Transfer is completed                                            |
| `RETURNED`                   | The bank issued an ACH return for the transfer  |
```

Reviewer: @sfritz thanks for opening this PR to update the transfer statuses! I added some other values that were missing from our docs. If you could go ahead and accept the suggestion I will approve and merge the PR.

Author: @cruales thanks for taking a look, I added your changes. It'd be great if you could also review these similar PRs and add any missing enum values to them:

https://github.com/alpacahq/bkdocs/pull/101
https://github.com/alpacahq/bkdocs/pull/96
